fix(fs_backend) bypass uniformity assertion to support explicit block_size on hybrid models (#659)
llm-d/llm-d-kv-cache-manager: kv_connectors/llmd_fs_backend/README.md

### Connector parameters

- `shared_storage_path`: base path for storing and loading the KV data files.

> - `block_size`: number of tokens stored per file (must be a multiple of the block hash granularity, default: `256`). On hybrid models whose KV cache groups use different GPU block sizes, each group stores `block_size / hash_block_size` GPU blocks per file, so the per-file token count scales with the group's block size.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `block_size`: target number of tokens per file at the block-hash granularity (must be a multiple of `hash_block_size`, default: `256`). Each KV cache group stores `block_size / hash_block_size` GPU blocks per file, so on hybrid models whose groups use different GPU block sizes the actual per-file token count scales with each group's block size.
```
